Someone says a page is broken.
p02
Before you believe them, or doubt them, reproduce it.
p03
Load the exact address they used, then read two things:
p04
the URL in the bar, and the message on the screen.
p05
Three very different failures hide behind that one complaint,
p06
and those two reads are what tell them apart.
p07
Class one is the hard four-oh-four.
p08
The Settings hub lists Logic P-O-S links,
p09
and when they were last confirmed in July they served the web server's own error page.
p10
No Wash Central header. No sidebar.
p11
Just the server saying it has no file at that address.
p12
Their status today is parked, so re-check on your own tenant before quoting it.
p13
The same class wears a second face inside the app.
p14
System Alerts still sits in the IT and Support menu,
p15
yet on July ninth the page answered with an HTTP four-oh-four.
p16
So a listed feature can still four-oh-four.
p17
That usually means release gated, or mid deploy.
p18
Never tell a client the feature doesn't exist.
p19
Class two looks like nothing at all.
p20
Fundraiser sits in the C-R-M sidebar like any other entry.
p21
Click it, and watch the address bar.
p22
The URL just gains a trailing hash mark, and the page never changes.
p23
That is a stub. A menu item with no page wired behind it.
p24
Not a four-oh-four, and not their connection.
p25
Class three fools the most people.
p26
Open Terminals, under Hardware.
p27
The page loads.
p28
Breadcrumb, KPI, buttons, column headers, all there.
p29
But where the rows belong, it says it couldn't load records.
p30
Failed to fetch.
p31
Now look at what did render.
p32
Header, sidebar, KPIs, columns. Only the data is missing.
p33
The page shell arrived fine and one background call failed,
p34
and that is usually transient.
p35
On July ninth this same banner hit roughly sixty pages at once.
p36
That's one service hiccup, not sixty broken screens.
p37
Put the three side by side.
p38
Whole page replaced by an error, at the address you asked for: hard four-oh-four.
p39
A click that does nothing but add a hash mark: dead stub.
p40
A page frame with a failed-records panel inside it: data-fetch error.
p41
One look at the screen, plus the URL, settles it.
p42
Whichever class it is, capture the same evidence.
p43
The exact URL. A screenshot of the message.
p44
The module you were in, where you clicked from, and what you expected to load.
p45
Then the class-specific note: for a four-oh-four, whether it's a known parked item.
p46
For a stub, say so. For a fetch error, whether a refresh clears it.
p47
Then escalate from Support Tickets, under IT and Support.
p48
On a real issue, on your tenant, the new ticket carries all five facts plus the class.
p49
Two exceptions.
p50
A fetch error that clears on refresh needs no ticket at all,
p51
and migration switches go to Jira, not here.
p52
On the shared demo, nothing gets submitted.
p53
That's the sort.
p54
Read the URL, read the message, pick the class.
p55
Hard four-oh-four? Escalate it as a serving problem.
p56
Dead stub? Log it as release gated, never as gone.
p57
Fetch error? Refresh first, and escalate only if it sticks.
p58
Three problems that look identical from a distance, told apart in one glance.